oh my god guys take a look at this
insane map it's a floating lily pad city
this is like one of the best Maps I've
ever seen in my life hey what's up guys
my name is Damian and welcome back to
another minecraft map showcase today
we're taking a look at an epic floating
city called a lily pad city take a look
at this guys that is so awesome right
yeah no it isn't this is actually a
replica of the city now guys before we
actually take a look at the city itself
I'm going to show you this replica and
let's go over a few small details about
the map itself so guys as you can see
the building itself is floating in water
the reason for that is because it's
supposed to deal with overpopulation as
well as it's self sustainable and has
solar panels kind of located it across
the entire map so guys it's basically
the whole concept of the building itself
now one thing I do want to mention is
that in the past I uploaded a video you
should see it on your screen right now
and the thumbnail for that video uses
the lily pad kind of picture and the
reason for that is because that
represented the building in the actual
video but it did not replicate it and
guys today I found an awesome freaking
city that's exactly replicating the lily
pad city and I can't wait to share it
with you so let me stop talking and show
you that now first things first I need
to credit the map creator because this
map is absolutely amazing oh my gosh
guys here we have it it's created by
this guy over here the Frank - Frio I'm
not really too sure if I believe he's
French but definitely an awesome map go
check out his youtube channel because
this guy is amazing all right guys let's
get to it we have the lily pad city
right over here it's gonna load up and
oh my gosh look how huge that is and I
believe it's like a Mercedes sponsored
building I'm pretty sure that's why the
logo is kind of located around the map
itself but I'm still pretty cool
nonetheless now this structure is 500 by
500 blocks long and tall or width and
length I'm not really sure how I would
say that but anyways as you can see this
is like one small section of the
building itself because my computer
can't even load up
entire thing anyways guys let's go ahead
and fly straight through the middle and
take a look at the map itself now as you
can see we do have our solar panels
located at the top over here I like a
small model instead of it being on the
bottom we haven't here on the top as
well as we have like these large
structures have like mountains on each
side and those are basically kind of
storage areas where you would obviously
house people and not really storage
areas but housing sections now in the
middle of our lilypad city we do have
like a small pond or I guess you would
say pool where people could bathe and
whatnot as well as a lot of trees and
the green is supposed to represent other
floral decorations of course it is wool
blocks but in theory they're supposed to
be like epic types of plants and stuff
alright guys so here we are flying to
the middle of the freakin lily pad city
and oh my gosh look at just one section
of this guys I wish I could load up the
entire map itself but that would like
make me go like extremely laggy so I
can't even do that
but anyways as you can see the map looks
so awesome there's like a gigantic area
for the sea water in the middle and
there's also like a bottom of the map
let me guys let me show you guys this so
basically guys it goes underwater and
there's also like a small type of area
over here where you guys can go into so
let's go ahead and break this and check
out the underwater roof oh my gosh guys
look at this we're underwater oh this is
so freakin cool it's completely dark
because I'm using shaders but I mean you
could possibly see out if you weren't
using shaders
alright guys whose go back to the top
and take a look at the rest of the city
because even this is absolutely insane
for just one section of the map alright
guys so as you can see in the middle we
have a spiral staircase that's gonna
take us to different floors of the
building and each floor has different
housing sections for marketplaces as
well as for other commercial type of
areas so basically every single thing
you need in one structure so I would say
over here is the commercial area like
the mall or something and up there where
we have these large housing areas aka
the mountains that's basically where
you'd be keeping your people I'm not
really too sure it's a documentary on it
I only saw part of the documentary but
Tom yeah still pretty cool nonetheless
now at the bottom we have a lot more
space over here for maybe small housing
as well as you know different decoration
and just no space to live in and let's
go ahead and fly through here because I
know for sure that this kind of
continues up through the map so take a
look at this guy's this is how it looks
on the inside it looks so freakin
majestic and awesome and there's like
glass located like completely around a
map kind of surrounding an entire
building in general and oh my gosh look
at that now I believe on this area
supposed to be filled in but I'm pretty
cool nonetheless because I think this is
just one layer that's making a mountain
quote-unquote above us and um yeah you
guys who basically download this and
decorate it or live in here maybe play a
survival game I'm not really too sure
what you would do in this amazing city
but um I would love to see a fully
decorated area or maybe this on a server
if you put this map on a server I will
definitely play on it of course I want
the map creator to do that himself
because it wouldn't be fair to like kind
of take his map and um use it on your
server or whatever but anyways as you
can see the pool itself in the middle
looks really cool we did take a look at
this but not so close to the water and
essentially the entire map is kind of
mirroring on each edge and I'm going to
go ahead and fly high above and
hopefully load up the entire map so you
can see how awesome the entire map looks
like altogether so as you can see I'm
we're gonna go ahead and fly over here
and this side is even taller oh my god
holy crap this is like a huge section of
the building okay so let's go ahead and
fly to the top and take a look at the
view from over here oh my gosh alright
so I'm gonna change my view distance to
extreme or just far +18 and hopefully we
load up the rest of the map and not lag
too much all right so we're slowly
loading it over here let's go to the
other side and check out the view from
this section now as you can see we do
have solar panels as well on the top of
the section and we have also like these
little things over here which are nice
and decorative and if you guys see the
picture in the thumbnail or possibly a
picture on your own from Google you can
see that it does represent the building
very nicely and it does look very nicely
curved as you guys see the building
itself looks so amazing gosh this is so
cool I just I love these types of map
guys because they really stretch my
imagination and they show how awesome
minecraft could actually be people say
oh why do you want to
stupid block structures we'll look at
this guy's then recreated a concept art
for a lily city and freakin minecraft
what more can you ask for this is so
freakin cool
alright guys so I managed to load up
parts of the map as you can see this is
so insanely huge I do have to say this
is one of the best Maps of every
spotlighted ever in Minecraft now I know
I say that a lot but I definitely mean
it this time because this map is so
unique and so awesome in so many ways
kiniry skies that basically wraps up
today's minecraft maps' showcase if you
enjoyed video remember take one second
to drop your like or comment down below
I definitely appreciate all the support
if you guys want to see more of my
videos click on the annotation on screen
or in the playlist link below in the
description anyways guys this was twists
and I'll see you later